Do enough people like our speech content?
We want to be sure that we are very happy
with the content before we start creating
our slides in Act Four, or before we start working
on our delivery in Act Number Six.
So how can we get feedback from many people for free
on the content or script of our speech?
Well, the easiest way to do it
is to share your speech content over LinkedIn
by publishing your speech script as an article on LinkedIn,
and then checking out to see if there's a decent
enough number of views, or likes on the article,
relative to other articles that you might
have personally published.
And so as a quick side note, if you need help
on how to write a great online article, please watch this.
Okay, when you write a script or article version
of your speech, please do your best
to only have three sentences per paragraph
as we won't have more than three bullet points
on any particular slide anyway
when we make our slides during Act Four
of this presentation course.
I published my preliminary TEDx talk script on LinkedIn
in order to get feedback, and a lot of people are shy,
or don't want to comment on an article,
so sometimes I'll ask friends of mine
to read my LinkedIn posts, and then send me a message
telling me their thoughts.
In fact, it's interesting, I never send an article
to my Udemy students ever until I first
see how the article does, and if it gets
a positive reception on LinkedIn
as I want to make sure that I really try
my best to add value to you as your time is precious,
and I sincerely appreciate, and I'm always grateful
for your time.
So here's an example of a failure of mine
when it comes to posting articles online.
I wrote an article on LinkedIn
about how a Hall of Fame baseball player
didn't pitch for one day every week,
and how this was smart as he was able to rest,
and not burn out.
Now I only got about 60 views on the article
because not everybody is a huge baseball fan like I am,
and so I misjudged who my target audience was.
So per this video, you can see how many views
my articles get relative to my other articles.
So my T or T.E.A. article got more than four times
as many view as my Sandy Koufax baseball article,
and it's actually really interesting to see
what LinkedIn posts of yours, or mine get more views
than our other ones, and I actually play around
with the titles and images a lot,
and sometimes a LinkedIn post of mine
will get barely any views, and then all I do
is I change the title, and or the image,
and then it gets a lot of clicks,
and it took me awhile to learn this,
but after awhile you kind of understand
what sells and what doesn't sell.
And so I changed the title and the image,
but I left the content exactly the same
for one of my articles.
It's the one with Bill Gates here,
the picture on it, and I got no views
until I added a picture of Bill Gates,
or hardly any views.
Anyway, going on.
A bit off topic here, so what Chris, (so what sound effect)
but it's important for me to stress this
as putting in the right images
can help you a lot when you create a presentation.
And the same thing can be said about the titles
of your speech if you need a title that is.
And so the bottom line here is that
your LinkedIn contacts are your personal focus group
for feedback on the content of your presentation.